Consolidate Metaflow infra tooling - initial pass (#13)
outerbounds/metaflow-tools: azure/README.md

# Metaflow-on-Azure - infrastructure code samples

> This folder houses some resources to help you get started with running 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder houses resources to help you get started with running 
```

Metaflow on Azure.

## terraform/

> These sample templates brings up a minimal but functional Metaflow services stack on Azure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These sample templates bring up a minimal Metaflow services stack on Azure.
```
